c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\obj\Debug\EssentialTools.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\EssentialTools.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\EssentialTools.pdb
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\obj\Debug\EssentialTools.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\obj\Debug\EssentialTools.pdb
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\tbergeron\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BookMVC5\EssentialTools\EssentialTools\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
